Note:
For the solution, we request that you use C or C++.
There must be a way to supply the application with the input data via text file
The application must run
You should provide sufficient evidence that your solution is complete by indicating that it works correctly against the supplied test data
Please use the URL at the bottom of this email to submit your code, meanwhile, please kindly attached the homework to your recruiter's mail. 
Name your homework as: **(name)--**(trains/conference/galaxy)--**(programming languages)
Rules:
You may not use any external libraries to solve this problem, but you may use external libraries or tools for building or testing purposes. Specifically, you may use unit-testing libraries or build tools available for your chosen language (e.g., JUnit, Ant, NUnit, Rspec, Rake, etc.).
System security is very important to us and certain file extensions will be blocked for security purposes, resulting in delays to your application. You should NOT include any executable attachments, including those with .exe or .lib extensions. We need to be able to run and build your code ourselves, so please submit your code as a zipped file of source code and supporting files, without any compiled code. If you're submitting in C#, please do not submit your code as a .msi file.
Please include a brief explanation of your design and assumptions, along with your code, as well as detailed instructions to run your application.
We assess a number of things including the design aspect of your solution and your object oriented programming skills. While these are small problems, we expect you to submit what you believe is production-quality code; code that you¡¯d be able to run, maintain, and evolve. You don¡¯t need to gold plate your solution, however we are looking for something more than a bare-bones algorithm.
We want our hiring process to be fair, and for everyone to start from the same place. To enable this, we request that you do not share or publish these problems.
Please compress your files into a single .zip file before upload. Kindly ensure there are no executables in your submission. Our system blocks executable files for security purposes, and we want to avoid any delays in your process.
**Executables include asp, bat, class, cmd, com, cpl, dll, exe, fon, hta, ini, ins, iw, jar, jsp, js, jse, pif, scr, shs, sh, vb, vbe, vbs, ws, wsc, wsf, wsh & msi
As a general rule, we allow three days from the date that you receive these instructions to submit your code, but you may request more time from your recruiter if needed. If you have any questions about the code as it relates to your interview process, please contact your recruiter.

 
Problem one: Trains
 
The local commuter railroad services a number of towns in Kiwiland.  Because of monetary concerns, all of the tracks are 'one-way.'  That is, a route from Kaitaia to Invercargill does not imply the existence of a route from Invercargill to Kaitaia.  In fact, even if both of these routes do happen to exist, they are distinct and are not necessarily the same distance!
 
The purpose of this problem is to help the railroad provide its customers with information about the routes.  In particular, you will compute the distance along a certain route, the number of different routes between two towns, and the shortest route between two towns.
 
Input:  A directed graph where a node represents a town and an edge represents a route between two towns.  The weighting of the edge represents the distance between the two towns.  A given route will never appear more than once, and for a given route, the starting and ending town will not be the same town.
 
Output: For test input 1 through 5, if no such route exists, output 'NO SUCH ROUTE'.  Otherwise, follow the route as given; do not make any extra stops!  For example, the first problem means to start at city A, then travel directly to city B (a distance of 5), then directly to city C (a distance of 4).
The distance of the route A-B-C.
The distance of the route A-D.
The distance of the route A-D-C.
The distance of the route A-E-B-C-D.
The distance of the route A-E-D.
The number of trips starting at C and ending at C with a maximum of 3 stops.  In the sample data below, there are two such trips: C-D-C (2 stops). and C-E-B-C (3 stops).
The number of trips starting at A and ending at C with exactly 4 stops.  In the sample data below, there are three such trips: A to C (via B,C,D); A to C (via D,C,D); and A to C (via D,E,B).
The length of the shortest route (in terms of distance to travel) from A to C.
The length of the shortest route (in terms of distance to travel) from B to B.
The number of different routes from C to C with a distance of less than 30.  In the sample data, the trips are: CDC, CEBC, CEBCDC, CDCEBC, CDEBC, CEBCEBC, CEBCEBCEBC.
 
Test Input:
For the test input, the towns are named using the first few letters of the alphabet from A to D.  A route between two towns (A to B) with a distance of 5 is represented as AB5.
Graph: AB5, BC4, CD8, DC8, DE6, AD5, CE2, EB3, AE7
Expected Output:
Output #1: 9
Output #2: 5
Output #3: 13
Output #4: 22
Output #5: NO SUCH ROUTE
Output #6: 2
Output #7: 3
Output #8: 9
Output #9: 9
Output #10: 7
